The past few years here in South-East Queensland have demonstrated the need for us to develop tools to plan for these threats. Introducing SEQPrepare - your personalized shield against severe weather. SEQPrepare combines real-time weather data with historical trends to deliver real-time alerts, tailored action plans and personalized risk metrics to all south east queenslanders. Here we can see an area which has a high risk of flooding, thus the suggested action plan suggests sandbags, emergency food and medical supplies to be prepared. Or, in this example, the resident has a fire nearby which has been given a Watch & Act rating by QFES. This requires the user's attention immediately, so the app moves this to the top of the list and automatically expands the card.

SEQPrepare isn't just a personal safety tool, but also a vital bridge between residents and local councils. By sending anonymized and aggregated data, the app contributes to a comprehensive overview of our region's preparedness for severe weather events. This ensures we can make informed decisions, allocate resources effectively, and implement targeted strategies that bolster community resilience.

Our hack comprises of a cross-platform mobile app developed in Flutter, which interacts with an API server. This server performs coordinate to address matching, proxies and caches queries for real-time data, along with serving filtered historical data. The datasets we use come from every level of government, including from the Bureau of Meteorology, Queensland Fire and Service, and Moreton Bay and Brisbane City Council data.

The app currently serves as a partially functional prototype - this is the first time creating a mobile app for either of us, and as such it took a while to learn the frameworks. Even in its unfinished guise though, it is mostly screenreader-compatible to ensure that it is accessible to all. You can give our app a try by pointing your browser at [seqprepare.xyz](https://seqprepare.xyz), or by installing it on your phone with the instructions in our repository.
